ay-mi-dios	i-am-chino	Perhaps he forgot ( Mr. WorldWide ) That erased the humblest kisses him Skin the channel ( Yandel) I do not claim that na was in yesterday. Thank these eyes that once saw mourn And you see maybe you forgot to say that I wanted this cold winter afternoon By paying attention to the clothes to the face and body Maybe you forgot Oh my God perhaps I lost in battle Why he deserves requested I love her and I want the way I did It is that love has never been skillfully as possible. I do not deny the love, I do not deny anything my passion, I do not deny i want your kisses They are treacherous and kill pain If I am emotional ... When you sleep with someone And you will see that is not the same You are going to regret it God bless Mommy and follow You seek your life looking for a lover I wish you the best everything perfect You can not with my good perfect life You want me to say that : I am perfect Oh baby ! that does not exist That's a story that's a joke I say it in Spanish English to Chinese I do not change for anyone I am who I am you do not like it then I'm leaving The grass always looks greener on the Other side just get to the other side Oh my God perhaps I lost in battle Why he deserves requested I love her and I want the way I did It is that love has never been skillfully as possible. I do not deny the love, I do not deny anything my passion, I do not deny i want your kisses They are treacherous and kill pain If I am emotional ... When you sleep with someone And you will see that is not the same You are going to regret it. You did what you did when you wanted who wanted And you want to come back but it is not possible to forget You broke my heart without compassion You played with my feelings and my love Take a tour that came my time I do not want to see you and know that you are suffering Good bye bye mommy this is goodbye Since God gave it. Oh my God perhaps I lost in battle Why he deserves requested I love her and I want the way I did It is that love has never been skillfully as possible. I do not deny the love, I do not deny anything my passion, I do not deny i want your kisses They are treacherous and kill pain If I am emotional ... When you sleep with someone And you will see that is not the same You are going to regret it.
